PEPPER SOUP: A NIGERIAN CLASSIC

I’m a big fan of goat meat, and I use it in a number of my recipes. One of my favorites is goat meat pepper soup. It’s hearty, spicy, and delicious.

Almost every culture on earth has its soup recipe and Africa is not an exception. In fact, soups and stews are a significant component of the African cuisine, and we have a whole lot of it apart from this pepper soup recipe like Turkey Stew, Ayamase stew, Stewed Spinach (Efo riro), Egusi Soup, Banga Soup, chicken pepper soup and much more..

A STEP BY STEP GUIDE TO COOKING GOAT MEAT PEPPER SOUP
The African Pepper soup is primarily liquid, usually served hot and this is made by boiling Meat or Fish of choice in order to extract flavor from them. The broth from this Meat is then further seasoned with authentic African spices. It can be served with boiled Potatoes, Rice, Bread or just eat ”as is”.

This pepper soup is suitable for all seasons of the year, and it will also add a little more zing to your day if you are not feeling so well but not to worry if you don’t want it hot, feel free to reduce the quantity of Habanero peppers and the chili pepper.

Notes:
1. You can substitute dry ginger powder for fresh ginger if you choose.
2. The amount of peppers you add to the pepper soup depends on your heat tolerance so feel free to increase or reduce the quantity of peppers you use.
3. You can substitute Uziza leaves or bitter leaves with Parsley, mint leaves, or scent leaves; Be sure to wash bitter leaves and drain them when used.
4. I have used Goat Meat in this recipe. However, you can also Chicken, Lamb, Beef, or Fish.
5. I like to cut the goat meat into cutlets because it cooks faster. You can also easily pick it up with a spoon and eat it right away. If You are comfortable with    chunky meat in your pepper soup please go with it but it might need to cook for a longer time.
6. To avoid chunks of Onions in your pepper soup, it’s a good idea to either mince the Onion or use the smaller hole on the grater to grate the Onion. I like to use    the latter in my pepper soup.